FEAT: add sap-no-single-facet-in-collection rule (#5021)
SAP/open-ux-tools: packages/eslint-plugin-fiori-tools/docs/rules/sap-no-single-facet-in-collection.md

> # UI.CollectionFacet must not contain only one UI.ReferenceFacet (sap-no-single-facet-in-collection)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# `UI.CollectionFacet` Must Not Contain Only a Single `UI.ReferenceFacet` (`sap-no-single-facet-in-collection`)
```

> Flags a `UI.CollectionFacet` that wraps exactly one `UI.ReferenceFacet`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detects a `UI.CollectionFacet` that wraps exactly a single `UI.ReferenceFacet`.
```

When a collection facet contains only a single reference facet, the wrapper adds no structural value and can cause rendering issues on the object page. Use `UI.ReferenceFacet` directly under `UI.Facets` instead.

## Rule Details

This rule scans `UI.Facets` annotations and reports any `UI.CollectionFacet` record whose `Facets` property contains exactly one child of type `UI.ReferenceFacet`. It applies to both OData V2 and V4 annotation files.

> #### Single ReferenceFacet inside CollectionFacet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Why is this heading needed? There's nothing underneath. Only the warning message which you also made a heading?

> ##### Warning Message: UI.CollectionFacet must not contain only one UI.ReferenceFacet. Use UI.ReferenceFacet directly under UI.Facets instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Warning
`UI.CollectionFacet` must not contain only one `UI.ReferenceFacet`. Use `UI.ReferenceFacet` directly under `UI.Facets` instead.
```

                <PropertyValue Property="Label" String="General Information"/>
                <PropertyValue Property="Target" AnnotationPath="@UI.FieldGroup#Details"/>
            </Record>
        </Collection>
    </Annotation>
</Annotations>

<!-- CollectionFacet with multiple ReferenceFacet children -->
<Annotations Target="MyService.MyEntity">
    <Annotation Term="UI.Facets">
        <Collection>
            <Record Type="UI.CollectionFacet">
                <PropertyValue Property="ID" String="GeneralInfo"/>
                <PropertyValue Property="Facets">
                    <Collection>
                        <Record Type="UI.ReferenceFacet">
                            <PropertyValue Property="Target" AnnotationPath="@UI.FieldGroup#Details"/>
                        </Record>
                        <Record Type="UI.ReferenceFacet">
                            <PropertyValue Property="Target" AnnotationPath="@UI.FieldGroup#Address"/>
                        </Record>
                    </Collection>
                </PropertyValue>
            </Record>
        </Collection>
    </Annotation>
</Annotations>
```

> How to Fix: Remove the `UI.CollectionFacet` wrapper and place the `UI.ReferenceFacet` directly inside the `UI.Facets` collection. Move the `ID` and `Label` properties from the collection facet to the reference facet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### How to Fix

Remove the `UI.CollectionFacet` wrapper and place the `UI.ReferenceFacet` directly inside the `UI.Facets` collection. Move the `ID` and `Label` properties from the collection facet to the reference facet.
```

## Bug Report

> In case you detect an issue with the check please open a Github issue [here](https://github.com/SAP/open-ux-tools/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you experience an issue with this rule, open a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/SAP/open-ux-tools/issues).
```

## Further Reading

- [Defining and Configuring Sections](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_FIORI_ELEMENTS/fc4c71aa50014fd1b43721701471913d/facfea09018d4376acaceddb7e3f03b6.html)

> ## Release Information

Reviewer: This is empty?
